Update Vue 3 guide (#1283)
shopware/docs: resources/references/upgrades/administration/vue3.md

### Prop default
Prop default functions no longer have access to the component's `this` scope. You can no longer call `this.$tc` in default functions. Use `Shopware.Snippet.tc` instead.

### Mutating props
This is an antipattern also for Vue 2.

> In Vue 2 however, those mutations where not always detected. In Vue 3 this will fail with hard errors. Take a look at this [example](https://eslint.vuejs.org/rules/no-mutating-props.html) to get a basic understanding on how to avoid mutating props directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Vue 2 however, those mutations were not always detected. In Vue 3, this will fail with hard errors. Take a look at this [example](https://eslint.vuejs.org/rules/no-mutating-props.html) to get a basic understanding of how to avoid mutating props directly.
```
